she thinks she's lost one probably she
looked more for yeah she goes watch oh
yeah here at conscience come look over
here she's over here frame anything on
uh yeah I can see her pushes button yes
I see something yes I can tell you I
don't know baby we'll find out yeah baby
girl I just talked about me I had this
time God good enough come on yeah there
it is oh that's another baby that's
making you the puppies she needs to
everyone's controlled oh look another
one fun girl
Wow one Balkan that one Jimmy Mac that
one oh there is mommy mommy is right I
hope this turns out enough to light
another puppy see it okay it looks just
want to bring it out of that black
probably mom mm-hmm
why not little afternoon to rally
initiative something I don't know it's
not meaning anything is not killing I
know how not awesome so cute oh good
girl yeah girl I shoulda saw bruising no
and another white anyway why did you
have her white wine - white one and
another white one in a black girl that's
why a white one black
I see the flow in the news they guys for
sure well she
to do this with dealers who without us
knowing
so I trust our friend other than we
might see arrested or how she moved a
minute me and you're her mom and Connor
maybe you got me
I think she did and the moms are great
perfect lighting Italy sleep in yep
sleeping yeah
so amazing
Chico
what Oh daddy my channel one
Are you ill 310 1 for 1 by KZ really fun
you like black and ya go fast
potty no this one dude got turned up
just like to watch oh yeah yeah
Oh penny so better video
it's like now I don't thing myself
huh did you notice how when she had it
she really sure he had it and then um
she didn't touch it until the babies
were moved
did you notice that until you move their
baby sheet and start messing with this
other one though she didn't want to hurt
the other doll oh those puppies the girl
he's been hit like oh yeah unless I won
that is